What?
Oh we were talking about how bad her class was.
Really? You like her closet?
Okay, she is interesting as a person.
Did she ever bring out the Washington dolls?
She has dolls. She has a Washington and a Thomas Jefferson doll.
she brought it up when we were talking about the bonding fathers and she said yeah will you take off the
her pants Washington has like dollar and like dollar pants
and i think thomas jefferson has the american flag for underpants
She said that if I ever have children I'm going to make a play with it.
It's like about...
this and they are move them around..It's like a Barbie doll
washington and thomas jefferson
they had also voice buttons  where they actually talk
I don't remember what they said.
Her birthday? I don't know. I don't keep track of the day and birthday.
Well if it did, she didn't do that.
What Jeopardy and Kahoo!
But you beat Jeopardy and Cuckoo!
No, she gives us a test. That's it
No, she hasn't done that yet
Honestly, all the people do is play games.
When she's talking because I think it's nobody pays attention to her lessons
Like I know a friend who actually got like the barons like
book for a push and hahaha
Yeah, and she's been taking notes on that instead.
Basically, I don't pay attention to her lectures. I go to Heimlich's
and I find notes online and I look at that.
Yeah, the only thing useful about our class are the key terms.
But the fact she's making it so you can use AI kind of like takes you there for a ride I think.
you
I'm not reading that textbook. At the beginning of the year, I was like, OK, I'm going to read it.
and then I read a few pages and it's so long. It's so big.
and so long and they jump around different times. I don't like it.
I saw a bunch of reviews on it because I searched it up and said this is like one of the worst books.
Not worse but it's not that good.
hahaha wait u guys...
(****)
I think maybe you're probably one out of like five people who said no.
(****) like
We have like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 people at most.
It's not bad, but that's it.
Because they're either like kind of like annoying when they're talking
Or they go on for like really long.
Only one of them because one of them was my friend yeah
No one was answering her questions actually. Only like two people I think.
My friends are starting to answer her questions because they like the talk.
They like this specific area of history.
It was like after the Spanish-American War.
Yeah, they really like the watermelon part
MC's?
If you study they're not hard at all.
I think they're kind of easy. And you can also get away with barely
for the FRQs as well. FRQs, LDQs, SAQs.
They're all easy to get away with.like..
just like barely studying because you can just kind of like write whatever.
7 points but then  it's ummm5 points per 7.
you.
. Damn, really?
15 to 20
For the first one, I got like a 20.
We're at like a 20-25.
But the thing is, she led us all, like, she, for the next, for a few, she said,
This one would have saved the last FRQ and everybody got like a 32 or a 35.
Probably, but the thing is I don't think she's a better teacher
It's just easier to pass now
The AP or APUSH, the actual AP test.
Oh, definitely. Everybody knows. Everybody talks about it. For the AP test? Yeah, we're all screwed.
We haven't actually practiced writing a good essay.
Because I think everybody by now has realized you can just write anything as long as it's
Accurate yeah
But no, the first three to four efforts you had, it was all him.
So we already went through that.